hey everyone star you here to countdown
the star wars feature films in order
from best to worst the reason for this
order is that most people know the more
popular films of the saga but the
results of the prequels vary so without
further ado here's the countdown in my
number one spot we have the extremely
popular Star Wars Episode five the
Empire Strikes Back I have always loved
this movie and always will it's been my
all-time favorite movie since I was five
and I don't think that'll change anytime
soon
Episode five not only has one of the
most iconic plot twists of all time but
has the best story esv being the
dramatic structure of the original
trilogy helped build up for episode
sixes climax Episode five has some great
scenes like the Battle of Hoth training
with Yoda the asteroid field cloud city
in the Skywalker's confrontation Empire
Strikes Back was even voted best movie
of all time by film fans beating out the
film's like jaws in the Lord of the
Rings no other Star Wars movie could
beat out Empire Strikes Back coming in
at number two is the film that started
it all out Star Wars Episode four a new
hope I've always treasured the beginning
of the best sci-fi story of all time
this is the film that surprised everyone
in 1977 even its director George Lucas
Episode four originally just titled Star
Wars changed everything for the film
business and turned Star Wars into what
it is today
who doesn't love Luke's journey towards
becoming a Jedi nothing would be the
same without a new hope kicking off an
amazing saga next up at number three is
the last installment in the original
trilogy Star Wars Episode six Return of
the Jedi this is actually the very first
movie I remember watching from when I
was younger this memorable finale to the
Star Wars saga is definitely my third
favorite movie of all time Jabba's
palace the Ewok village and the Emperor
are all iconic parts of episode six
there was no doubt in my mind that the
original trilogy deserves the first
three slobs in this top six list Return
of the Jedi definitely deserves third
place in spot number four is George
Lucas's last piece in the saga Star Wars
Episode three Revenge of the Sith this
film beat out its two successors by a
long shot
in my opinion episode 3 is the best of
the prequels with Anakin Skywalker
turning to the dark side
becoming Darth Vader the most emotional
and well-put-together film of the
trilogy is better than the others even
with its over usage of CGI no one can
say they don't remember Obi Wan's
battles with Count Dooku General
Grievous and Anakin Skywalker Revenge of
the Sith deserves fourth place over the
other prequel films now which of these
films will beat out the other it's
highly debated but I have chosen episode
1 over Episode two now I know many of
you hate Jar Jar more than anything in
this or rather that galaxy but I've
never actually had a problem with him
maybe this is because as a six-year-old
dumb comic relief was amusing to me but
over the years I've just grown used to
his annoyance
so why episode 1 over 2 well once you
get used to Jake Lloyd Natalie Portman
and Ahmed best subpar acting we really
get a colorful in the exciting
environment now of course the story
isn't great that's why this is so low
down on the list but I enjoy watching
this film for the scenery over the
others by at least a bit well you can't
beat out Endor or moss eisely Naboo is
extremely colorful and lively now I'm
not really defending this film I'm just
explaining why Phantom Menace beats out
attack of the clones attack of the
clones dialog and plot is extremely dull
and forgettable aside from this joke
while S&S takes that want to sell
Majestics I'll order sell you death
sticks alter the Hermit rethink what go
home reaping my life
this movie is pretty disappointing we
get some good battle scenes but nothing
too special episode 5 definitely
deserves top spot while episode 2 is
best left in the Sarlacc pit to be
slowly digested over thousands of years
I don't actually hate any of these
movies even though many Star Wars fans
do episode 1 through 3 are basically the
most hated prequels ever created but I
still enjoy them so no matter how low on
the list of Star Wars film is it will
always be loved by me but it's worthless
compared to the Empire Strikes Back tell
me your list in the comments and please
rebuttal I list if you have any
different opinion if you agree with my
list or enjoyed the video why don't you
just shoot that like button at
Lightspeed
subscribe to star geek for weekly star
wars content you can also go check out
my facebook page by clicking on the link
in the description don't forget to check
out some of my other episodes and give
your own episode suggestions to me in
the comments below until we meet again
in a galaxy far far away this has been
star geek
you